Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
Alright, so now that our A&N is compiled
it's time for the exciting step
which is to fit the A&N to the training set.
Because you probably noticed that so far
we've only built the A&N without
making the connection to the training set
and so of course now we need to make this connection,
and to make this connection we're going to use
the fit method, that will fit our A&N to the training set.
Alright, so let's do it.
We're gonna take as usual our object classifier
then dot, because we're going to use the fit method,
and then, of course, we take the fit method,
here we go that's the one.
Parenthesis to add the arguments
and so as for all the others models
we've built in this course
well the first argument is the data set
on which we want to train our classifier
that is our training set.
And as in the classification part
this training set is separated in two arguments
first x train, that is the matrix it features containing
the observations of the train set,
and then y train that contains
the actual outcomes of the dependent variable
for all the observations in our training set.
Alright, so let's first input these two arguments
So x train first and then y train.
So far it's exactly like in the classification part
when we used the fit method.
But now things are going to be new
because we will add two additional arguments
and if we go back to the Stochastic Gradient Descent slide,
you might guess what these two arguments are.
As you can see in step six and seven
of the Stochastic Gradient Descent Algorithm, while we see
that we can choose to update the weight either
after each observation passing through the A&N,
or after a batch of observations.
So as you might guess, this first additional argument
is going to be the batch size.
And the batch size is the number of observations
after which, you want to update the weight.
Alright, and now what is going
to be the second additional argument.
Well, to find it, we need to look at step 7
because indeed in step 7 there is this notion of epoch,
and an epoch is basically a round when
the whole training set passed through the A&N
and, in reality, training the A&N consists
of applying steps one to six over many epochs.
So this second additional argument that we're going
to input here is going to be the number of epoch.
Alright so actually we can check it out,
I'm going to press command I here
to get some information of this fit function.
And as you can see here,
well first we input correctly the first two arguments
which are the matrix of features and
the dependent variable vector, and then we have these
two additional arguments, the batch size,
and the number of epoch.
So here we can see 32 and 10,
these are not numbers that we are going to choose.
Again, this is where your deep learning artist soul
comes into play, because again there is no rule of thumb
and we need to experiment to find some optimal choice
for this batch size here and this number of epochs.
So right now we're not going to experiment,
we will go with some fixed choice of batch size
and number of epochs and we will choose
a batch size of 10 and a number of epochs of 100,
so that we can see the algorithm in action
and so that we can see the accuracy improving over
the rounds that is over the different epochs.
Alright so let's do it.
Let's add these two additional arguments.
So first is batch size,
so we say we want 10 and then NB epoch equals 100.
Perfect.
So now time for the show.
We are going to see the Stochastic Gradient Descent
in action and we are going to see how
the accuracy is improving over the different rounds.
So let's not wait anymore and let's start the show.
I'm going to select this line and execute.
Alright and now the action takes place,
we can see the different epochs going on
so we started with the 79% accuracy,
then 82% accuracy in the second epoch.
Alright so it's going pretty fast.
We're almost getting to 25% of the total number of epochs.
So which accuracy have we reached?
Well, here we can see that after epoch number 24
we reached an accuracy of 0.8486, almost 85%.
Okay, epoch number 37 out of 100 accuracy reached 85%.
We can also see the information about the loss function.
Alright and we've just passed half way and we can see here
for epoch number 54 an accuracy of 85%.
I think we're going to converge into a 86% accuracy,
that would be pretty good.
Epoch number 70, here we go 86.27%.
70, it's converging still 86% for epoch number 81.
Alright, we're getting close to the end.
Epoch number 90 out of 100 still 86%.
And eventually, our model is ready!
And I think we reached an accuracy of 86%.
Yes, definitely.
Here we can see 86.50%, that was expected and that's how
the Stochastic Gradient Descent algorithm performed
on this training set here.
So great, very exciting this is actually
the first time we see something like that
because so far all our models executed in one second,
even less than one second.
So here I'm very happy to introduce you
to this new kind of machinery model,
the artificial neural network.
Great, so I hope you liked it and now time for
the last step which will be to predict
the deceit results while we already know what to expect
in terms of accuracy, we expect an accuracy around 86%.
So we'll check it out, it's going to be very easy actually
because you know everything is already well prepared
thanks to our classification template.
So we won't need to change anything here in this line
to get the predicted probabilities that the customers
of the test set leave the bank and send
for the confusion matrix here.
Everything is already well prepared.
So we'll do these last two steps in the next
and final tutorial and until then,
enjoy deep learning.